ci: Add support for `max_inflight_requests` parameter to prevent unbounded memory growth in ensemble models (#8458)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/user_guide/decoupled_models.md

### Using Decoupled Models in Ensembles

When using decoupled models within an [ensemble pipeline](ensemble_models.md), you may encounter unbounded memory growth if the decoupled model produces responses faster than downstream models can consume them.

> To prevent this, use the `max_inflight_requests` configuration field. This field sets the limit on the number of concurrent inflight requests permitted at each ensemble step for each inference request to control memory accumulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent unbounded memory growth in this senario, consider using the `max_inflight_requests` configuration field. This field limits the maximum number of concurrent inflight requests permitted at each ensemble step for each inference request.
```
